public	announcements	id	integer	NO	nextval('announcements_id_seq'::regclass)	null	32	0
public	announcements	title	text	NO	null	null	null	null
public	announcements	content	text	NO	null	null	null	null
public	announcements	start_date	timestamp with time zone	YES	null	null	null	null
public	announcements	end_date	timestamp with time zone	YES	null	null	null	null
public	announcements	target_roles	jsonb	YES	'["Guest", "Member", "Translator", "Admin"]'::jsonb	null	null	null
public	announcements	target_pages	jsonb	YES	'["homepage"]'::jsonb	null	null	null
public	announcements	is_active	boolean	YES	TRUE	null	null	null
public	announcements	created_by	uuid	YES	null	null	null	null
public	announcements	created_at	timestamp with time zone	YES	CURRENT_TIMESTAMP	null	null	null
public	announcements	updated_at	timestamp with time zone	YES	CURRENT_TIMESTAMP	null	null	null
public	categories	id	integer	NO	nextval('categories_id_seq'::regclass)	null	32	0
public	categories	name	text	NO	null	null	null	null
public	categories	slug	text	NO	null	null	null	null
public	categories	description	text	YES	null	null	null	null
public	categories	created_at	timestamp with time zone	YES	CURRENT_TIMESTAMP	null	null	null
public	categories	updated_at	timestamp with time zone	YES	CURRENT_TIMESTAMP	null	null	null
public	chapter_versions	id	integer	NO	nextval('chapter_versions_id_seq'::regclass)	null	32	0
public	chapter_versions	chapter_id	uuid	NO	null	null	null	null
public	chapter_versions	version_number	integer	NO	null	null	32	0
public	chapter_versions	content_original_snapshot	text	YES	null	null	null	null
public	chapter_versions	created_by	uuid	YES	null	null	null	null
public	chapter_versions	notes	text	YES	null	null	null	null
public	chapter_versions	created_at	timestamp with time zone	YES	CURRENT_TIMESTAMP	null	null	null
public	chapters	id	uuid	NO	gen_random_uuid()	null	null	null
public	chapters	novel_id	uuid	NO	null	null	null	null
public	chapters	chapter_number	text	NO	null	null	null	null
public	chapters	title	text	NO	null	null	null	null
public	chapters	content_original	text	YES	null	null	null	null
public	chapters	status	text	YES	'published'::text	null	null	null
public	chapters	access_level	jsonb	YES	'["everyone"]'::jsonb	null	null	null
public	chapters	created_by	uuid	NO	null	null	null	null
public	chapters	word_count	integer	YES	null	null	32	0
public	chapters	created_at	timestamp with time zone	YES	CURRENT_TIMESTAMP	null	null	null
public	chapters	updated_at	timestamp with time zone	YES	CURRENT_TIMESTAMP	null	null	null
public	mark_lines	id	uuid	NO	gen_random_uuid()	null	null	null
public	mark_lines	user_id	uuid	NO	null	null	null	null
public	mark_lines	chapter_id	uuid	NO	null	null	null	null
public	mark_lines	user_email	text	YES	null	null	null	null
public	mark_lines	user_display_name	text	YES	null	null	null	null
public	mark_lines	novel_id	uuid	NO	null	null	null	null
public	mark_lines	novel_title	text	YES	null	null	null	null
public	mark_lines	chapter_number	text	YES	null	null	null	null
public	mark_lines	chapter_title	text	YES	null	null	null	null
public	mark_lines	marked_line_numbers	jsonb	NO	'[]'::jsonb	null	null	null
public	mark_lines	created_at	timestamp with time zone	YES	CURRENT_TIMESTAMP	null	null	null
public	mark_lines	updated_at	timestamp with time zone	YES	CURRENT_TIMESTAMP	null	null	null
public	novel_versions	id	integer	NO	nextval('novel_versions_id_seq'::regclass)	null	32	0
public	novel_versions	novel_id	uuid	NO	null	null	null	null
public	novel_versions	version_number	integer	NO	null	null	32	0
public	novel_versions	metadata_snapshot	jsonb	NO	null	null	null	null
public	novel_versions	created_by	uuid	YES	null	null	null	null
public	novel_versions	notes	text	YES	null	null	null	null
public	novel_versions	created_at	timestamp with time zone	YES	CURRENT_TIMESTAMP	null	null	null
public	novels	id	uuid	NO	gen_random_uuid()	null	null	null
public	novels	title	text	NO	null	null	null	null
public	novels	slug	text	NO	null	null	null	null
public	novels	synopsis	text	YES	null	null	null	null
public	novels	cover_image_url	text	YES	null	null	null	null
public	novels	category_id	integer	YES	null	null	32	0
public	novels	original_language	text	NO	null	null	null	null
public	novels	status	text	YES	'ongoing'::text	null	null	null
public	novels	visibility	jsonb	YES	'["everyone"]'::jsonb	null	null	null
public	novels	default_chapter_status	text	YES	'published'::text	null	null	null
public	novels	default_chapter_access	jsonb	YES	'["everyone"]'::jsonb	null	null	null
public	novels	created_by	uuid	NO	null	null	null	null
public	novels	total_chapters	integer	YES	0	null	32	0
public	novels	last_chapter_updated_at	timestamp with time zone	YES	null	null	null	null
public	novels	created_at	timestamp with time zone	YES	CURRENT_TIMESTAMP	null	null	null
public	novels	updated_at	timestamp with time zone	YES	CURRENT_TIMESTAMP	null	null	null
public	profiles	id	uuid	NO	null	null	null	null
public	profiles	display_name	text	YES	null	null	null	null
public	profiles	avatar_url	text	YES	null	null	null	null
public	profiles	role_id	integer	NO	null	null	32	0
public	profiles	role_expiry_date	timestamp with time zone	YES	null	null	null	null
public	profiles	is_suspended	boolean	YES	FALSE	null	null	null
public	profiles	user_settings	jsonb	YES	'{}'::jsonb	null	null	null
public	profiles	created_at	timestamp with time zone	YES	CURRENT_TIMESTAMP	null	null	null
public	profiles	updated_at	timestamp with time zone	YES	CURRENT_TIMESTAMP	null	null	null
public	profiles	email	text	YES	null	null	null	null
public	roles	id	integer	NO	nextval('roles_id_seq'::regclass)	null	32	0
public	roles	name	text	NO	null	null	null	null
public	site_changelogs	id	integer	NO	nextval('site_changelogs_id_seq'::regclass)	null	32	0
public	site_changelogs	version_number	text	NO	null	null	null	null
public	site_changelogs	release_date	date	NO	null	null	null	null
public	site_changelogs	summary	text	YES	null	null	null	null
public	site_changelogs	is_published	boolean	YES	FALSE	null	null	null
public	site_changelogs	created_by	uuid	YES	null	null	null	null
public	site_changelogs	created_at	timestamp with time zone	YES	CURRENT_TIMESTAMP	null	null	null
public	site_changelogs	updated_at	timestamp with time zone	YES	CURRENT_TIMESTAMP	null	null	null
public	site_settings	key	text	NO	null	null	null	null
public	site_settings	value	jsonb	YES	null	null	null	null
public	site_settings	description	text	YES	null	null	null	null
public	site_settings	created_at	timestamp with time zone	YES	CURRENT_TIMESTAMP	null	null	null
public	site_settings	updated_at	timestamp with time zone	YES	CURRENT_TIMESTAMP	null	null	null
public	user_bookmarks	id	integer	NO	nextval('user_bookmarks_id_seq'::regclass)	null	32	0
public	user_bookmarks	user_id	uuid	NO	null	null	null	null
public	user_bookmarks	chapter_id	uuid	NO	null	null	null	null
public	user_bookmarks	novel_id	uuid	NO	null	null	null	null
public	user_bookmarks	bookmarked_at	timestamp with time zone	YES	CURRENT_TIMESTAMP	null	null	null
public	user_chapter_reads	user_id	uuid	NO	null	null	null	null
public	user_chapter_reads	chapter_id	uuid	NO	null	null	null	null
public	user_chapter_reads	read_at	timestamp with time zone	YES	CURRENT_TIMESTAMP	null	null	null
